Add Koa auto tracing documentation (#1781)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/performance/distributed-tracing.md

      next();
  })
});
```
### Koa
Creates and attach a transaction to each context

```javascript
const Sentry = require("@sentry/node")
const { Span } = require('@sentry/apm')
const Koa = require('koa')
const app = new Koa()

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  integrations: [
      // enable HTTP calls tracing
      new Sentry.Integrations.Http({ tracing: true }),
      // enable Express.js middleware tracing

>       new Apm.Integrations.Express({ app })

Reviewer: `Apm` is undefined here.

  ],
  tracesSampleRate: 0.25
});

// this tracing middleware creates a transaction per request, this 
app.use(async (ctx, next) => {
  // captures span of upstream app
  const sentryTraceId =  ctx.request.get('sentry-trace')
  let traceId
  let parentSpanId

  if (sentryTraceId) {
    const span = Span.fromTraceparent(sentryTraceId)
    if (span) {
      traceId = span.traceId
      parentSpanId = span.parentSpanId
    }
  }
  const transaction = Sentry.startTransaction({
    name: `${ctx.method} ${ctx.url}`,
    op: 'http.server',
    parentSpanId,
    traceId,
  })
  ctx.__sentry_transaction = transaction
  await next()
  

>   // if using koa router, a nicer way to capture transaction using th ematched route

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // if using koa router, a nicer way to capture transaction using the matched route
```
